Refresh readme content (#243)
netbox-community/netbox-chart: README.md

| `redis_tasks_password` | Password for the external Redis tasks database                | If `redis.enabled` is `false` and `tasksRedis.existingSecretName` is unset                        |
| `redis_cache_password` | Password for the external Redis cache database                | If `redis.enabled` is `false` and `cachingRedis.existingSecretName` is unset                      |

## Authentication
* [Single Sign On](docs/auth.md#configuring-sso)
* [LDAP Authentication](docs/auth.md#using-ldap-authentication)

## Upgrading

### From 4.x to 5.x

> * NetBox has been updated to 3.6.4, but older 3.5+ versions should still work (this is not tested or supported, however).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* NetBox has been updated to version 4.x. This chart _should_ still work with 3.7.x as well by overriding the `image`, but it is not officially supported.
```

* **Potentially breaking changes:**
  * The `extraContainers` setting has been renamed `sidecars` to match conventions.
  * The `extraInitContainers` setting has been renamed `initContainers` to match conventions.
  * The `metricsEnabled` setting has been renamed `metrics.enabled` to match conventions.
  * The `serviceMonitor` setting has been moved to `metrics.serviceMonitor` to match conventions.

>   * The `jobResultRetention` setting has been renamed `jobRetention` to match the change in NetBox 3.5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The `jobResultRetention` setting has been renamed `jobRetention` to match the change in more recent versions of NetBox.
```

  * The `remoteAuth.backend` setting has been renamed `remoteAuth.backends` and is now an array.
  * The `remoteAuth.autoCreateUser` setting now defaults to `false`.
  * NAPALM support has been moved into a plugin since NetBox 3.5, so all NAPALM configuration has been **removed from this chart**.
  * Please consult the [NetBox](https://docs.netbox.dev/en/stable/release-notes/) and [netbox-docker](https://github.com/netbox-community/netbox-docker) release notes in case there are any other changes that may affect your configuration.

> * The Bitnami [PostgreSQL](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/postgresql) sub-chart was upgraded from 10.x to 13.x; please read the upstream upgrade notes if you are using the bundled PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Bitnami [PostgreSQL](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/postgresql) sub-chart was upgraded from 10.x to 15.x; please read the upstream upgrade notes if you are using the bundled PostgreSQL.
```

> * The Bitnami [Redis](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/redis) sub-chart was upgraded from 15.x to 18.x; please read the upstream upgrade notes if you are using the bundled Redis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Bitnami [Redis](https://github.com/bitnami/charts/tree/main/bitnami/redis) sub-chart was upgraded from 15.x to 19.x; please read the upstream upgrade notes if you are using the bundled Redis.
```
